docs: update docs inline latest syntax changes (#4686)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/joins/join-streams-and-tables.md

| 14        |             | d                |            |           |
| 15        | D           |                  | [D, d]     | [D, d]    |

Notice that the INNER JOIN doesn't result in any output if the table-side
does not already contain a value for the key, even if the table-side is
later populated. For the LEFT JOIN the same scenario results in an output 
of leftRecord-NULL.  It is therefore important that the table data is 
loaded _before_ the stream event is received. 

> KsqlDB attempts to process both sides of a join in event-time order, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ksqlDB attempts to process both sides of a join in event-time order, 
```

> but can not offer strong guarantees, especially in the presence of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but it can't offer strong guarantees, especially in the presence of 
```

out-of-order rows. 

To maximise join predictability, ensure historic table data is available in the 

> source topic, the query is running and the ksqlDB has had enough time to process 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
source topic, the query is running, and ksqlDB has had enough time to process 
```
